Copyright (c) 2014, Building Energy Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use of the software made available under this license,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of this software in any form, including source code form,
object code form, or binary form, must reproduce in a prominent location the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer,
and must include with any distribution a separate text file that sets forth
this license.

2. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless the
copyright holder, its officers, directors, employees, and agents, and the
contributors from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and
expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneysâ€™ fees)
incurred from a third party claim, suit, action, or other proceeding arising
out of or related to your usage of this software.
